docs/storage-config: add yaml way of configuring pg_num and pgp_num (#10781)
rook/rook: Documentation/Storage-Configuration/Advanced/configuration.md

### Default PG and PGP counts

The number of PGs and PGPs can be configured on a per-pool basis, but it is
highly advised to set default values that are appropriate for your Ceph
cluster. Appropriate values depend on the number of OSDs the user expects to
have backing each pool. These can be configured by declaring pg_num and pgp_num
parameters under CephBlockPool resource.

```yaml
apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1
kind: CephBlockPool
metadata:
  name: ceph-block-pool-test
  namespace: rook-ceph
spec:
  deviceClass: hdd
  replicated:
    size: 3
spec:
  parameters:

>     pg_num: '4' # create the pool with a pre-configured placement group number

Reviewer: Why is `4` chosen in this example? perhaps a brief comment would help to explain why this number is used in the example.

Author: good point! added relevant reference for pgcaluation and changed this to a small example.

>     pgp_num: '4' # this should atleast match `pg_num` so that all PGs are used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pgp_num: '4' # this should at least match `pg_num` so that all PGs are used
```

### Default PG and PGP counts

The number of PGs and PGPs can be configured on a per-pool basis, but it is
advised to set default values that are appropriate for your Ceph
cluster.
Appropriate values depend on the number of OSDs the user expects to have
backing each pool. These can be configured by declaring pg_num and pgp_num
parameters under CephBlockPool resource.

For determining the right value for pg_num please refer [placement group
sizing](ceph-configuration.md#placement-group-sizing)

An example configuration for a cluster of 100 OSDs requiring 100 target PGs per

> OSD with 5% data utilization would look like:

Reviewer: The 128 PGs for 100 OSDs was based on the example in the pg calc tool that assumed a bunch of other tools? That tool has a lot of defaults that won't make sense for most clusters. I think the point of this example is just to show the yaml for how the desired PGs can be set, so how about simplify this paragraph to the following:
```
In this example configuration, 128 PGs are applied to the pool:
```

Author: makes sense! updated, thanks!
